Create CSP docs for 2.4 (#7293)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/security/content-security-policies2.4.md

Magento also permits configuring unique CSPs for specific pages.

CSP can work in two modes:

*  `report-only` - In this mode, Magento reports policy violations but does not interfere. This mode isuseful for debugging.  By default, CSP violations are written to the browser console, but they can be configured to be reported to an endpoint as an HTTP request to collect logs. There are a number of services that will collect, store, and sort your store's CSP violations reports for you.

*  `restrict mode` - In this mode, Magento acts on any policy violations.

## Default configuration

By default, CSP is configured in `report-only` mode, which allows merchants and developers to
configure policies to work according to their custom code. After the policies have been configured,
switch the mode to `restrict`.

Once configured, Magento can enforce policies like these:

*  Any resource, such as `.js`, `.css`, `.jpg`, or `.ttf` files, can only be loaded from the store's domain
*  Iframes can only include pages from the store itself
*  AJAX requests can only be sent to the store
*  Forms can only be sent to the store

> *  Only whitelisted inline scripts and styles to be compiled by browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Only whitelisted inline scripts and styles can be compiled by browser
```

> For more details check the `Magento/Csp/etc/config.xml` file. Some domains have already been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, check the `Magento/Csp/etc/config.xml` file. Some domains have already been
```

> whitelistedfor modules that require it. For instance if the `Magento_Paypal` module is installed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
whitelisted for modules that require it. For examplle, if the `Magento_Paypal` module is installed,
```

Author: double L in example

Reviewer: oops. i'll fix it when i change the file name. you can disregard this suggestion.

> `www.paypal.com` is already whitelisted for the `script-src` policy. Inline scripts as well as styles have also been whitelisted,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`www.paypal.com` is already whitelisted for the `script-src` policy. If inline scripts and styles have also been whitelisted,
```

> their hashes will be added to `Content-Security-Policy` header only when inline scripts/styles are not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their hashes will be added to the `Content-Security-Policy` header only when inline scripts/styles are not allowed.
```

`object-src` | Defines the sources for the `<object>`, `<embed>`, and `<applet>` elements.
`script-src` | Defines the sources for JavaScript `<script>` elements.
`style-src` | Defines the sources for stylesheets.

### Add a domain to the whitelist

You can add a domain to the whitelist for a policy (like `script-src`, `style-src`, `font-src` and others) by
adding a `csp_whitelist.xml` to your custom module's `etc` folder.

```xml
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<csp_whitelist xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:module:Magento_Csp:etc/csp_whitelist.xsd">
    <policies>
        <policy id="script-src">
            <values>
                <value id="devdocs-base" type="host">https://devdocs.magento.com</value>
                <value id="magento" type="host">https://magento.com</value>
            </values>
        </policy>
        <policy id="connect-src">
            <values>
                <value id="devdocs" type="host">https://devdocs.magento.com</value>
            </values>
        </policy>
    </policies>
</csp_whitelist>
```

### Whitelist an inline script or style

> For stores that have `unsafe-inline` disabled for `style-src` and `script-src` (default for Magento 2.4) inline scripts and styles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stores that have `unsafe-inline` disabled for `style-src` and `script-src` (default for Magento 2.4) inline scripts and styles
```

must be whitelisted.

> You would need to use `Magento\Framework\View\Helper\SecureHtmlRenderer` that is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must use `Magento\Framework\View\Helper\SecureHtmlRenderer`, which is available
```

> as `$secureRenderer` variable in _.phtml_ templates to achieve this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as a `$secureRenderer` variable in the _.phtml_ templates to achieve this.
```

> * For `script` or `style` tags containing inline JavaScript/CSS use `renderTag`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For `script` or `style` tags containing inline JavaScript/CSS, use `renderTag`:
```

  
_Inside a .phtml template_
```html
<div>Other content</div>
<?= $secureRenderer->renderTag('script', ['type' => 'text/javascript'], "\nconsole.log('I am a whitelisted script');\n", false); ?>
```
 
_Inside a class responsible for HTML rendering_
```php
/** @var \Magento\Framework\View\Helper\SecureHtmlRenderer */
private $secureRenderer;

...

function someMethod() {
   ....
   
   $html .= $this->secureRenderer->renderTag('style', [], "#element { color: blue } ", false);
   
   ....
}
```
 

> * For event handlers previously defined in HTML attributes use `renderEventListenerAsTag`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For event handlers previously defined in HTML attributes, use `renderEventListenerAsTag`:
```

 
_Inside a .phtml template_
```html
<!-- <div onclick="alert('Old way!')">Old way</div> -->

<div id="alert-div">New way</div>
<?= $secureRenderer->renderEventListenerAsTag('onclick', 'alert("New way!");', '#alert-div'); ?>
```
 

> * For inline styles previously defined in `style` attribute use `renderStyleAsTag`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For inline styles previously defined in `style` attributes, use `renderStyleAsTag`:
```

 
_Inside a .phtml template_
```html
<!-- <div style="color:blue">Old way</div> -->

<div id="blue-div">New way</div>
<?= $secureRenderer->renderStyleAsTag('color: blue', '#blue-div'); ?>
```
 

> _Please note that using inline scripts and styles is discouraged in favor of UI Components and classes_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Using inline scripts and styles is discouraged in favor of UI Components and classes_
```
